Encrypt/decrypt config (#86)
python-microservices/pyms: docs/encrypt_decryt_configuration.md

# Encrypt Configuration

When you work in multiple environments: local, dev, testing, production... you must set critical configuration in your
variables, like:

config.yml, for local propose:
```yaml
pyms:
  config:
    DEBUG: true
    TESTING: true
    APPLICATION_ROOT : ""
    SECRET_KEY: "gjr39dkjn344_!67#"
    SQLALCHEMY_DATABASE_URI: mysql+mysqlconnector://user_of_db:user_of_db@localhost/my_schema
```

config_pro.yml, for production environment:
```yaml
pyms:
  config:
    DEBUG: true
    TESTING: true
    APPLICATION_ROOT : ""
    SECRET_KEY: "gjr39dkjn344_!67#"
    SQLALCHEMY_DATABASE_URI: mysql+mysqlconnector://important_user:****@localhost/my_schema
```

You can move this file to a [Kubernetes secret](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/secret/), 
use [Vault](https://learn.hashicorp.com/vault) or encrypt the configuration with [AWS KMS](https://aws.amazon.com/en/kms/)
 or [Google KMS](https://cloud.google.com/kms). We strongly recommended this ways to encrypt/decrypt your configuration,

>  but i you want a no vendor locking option or you haven`t the resources to use this methods, we create a way to encrypt

Reviewer: Fix typo.

```suggestion
 but if you want a no vendor locking option or you haven`t the resources to use this methods, we create a way to encrypt
```

 and decrypt your variables.
 
## 1. Generate a key

> PyMS have a command line option to create a key file. this key is created with [AES](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Advanced_Encryption_Standard).

Reviewer: Fix typo.
```suggestion
PyMS have a command line option to create a key file. This key is created with [AES](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Advanced_Encryption_Standard).
```

> PyMS have a command line option to create a key file. this key is created with [AES](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Advanced_Encryption_Standard).

Reviewer: Not sure about this, but I believe that when referencing a third person (or entity), the verb `have` has to mutate to `has`.
```suggestion
PyMS has a command line option to create a key file. this key is created with [AES](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Advanced_Encryption_Standard).
```

> You can run the terminal:

Reviewer: Add more clarity?
```suggestion
You can run the next command in the terminal:
```

```bash
pyms create-key
```

> Type a password and this command create a file called `key.key`. This file contains a unique key. If you lost this file 

Reviewer: Add more clarity?
```suggestion
Then, type a password and it will create a file called `key.key`. This file contains a unique key.  
```

> and re-run the create command, the key hash will be different and your code encrypted with this key can`t be decrypted.

Reviewer: Use correct verbal tense.
```suggestion
and re-run the create command, the key hash will be different and your code encrypted with this key won't be able to be decrypted.
```

Store the key in a secure site, and NOT COMMIT this key to your repository.

## 2. Add your key to your environment

Move, for example, your key to `mv key.key /home/my_user/keys/myproject.key`

then, store this key in a environment variable with:

```bash
export KEY_FILE=/home/my_user/keys/myproject.key
```

## 3. Encrypt your information and put in config

> Do you remember the example file `config_pro.yml`? now you can encrypt and decrypt the information, you can run the command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do you remember the example file `config_pro.yml`? Now you can encrypt and decrypt the information, you can run the command
```

`pyms encrypt [string]` to generate a crypt string, for example:

```bash
pyms encrypt 'mysql+mysqlconnector://important_user:****@localhost/my_schema'
>>  Encrypted OK: b'gAAAAABeSwBJv43hnGAWZOY50QjBX6uGLxUb3Q6fcUhMxKspIVIco8qwwZvxRg930uRlsd47isroXzkdRRnb4-x2dsQMp0dln8Pm2ySHH7TryLbQYEFbSh8RQK7zor-hX6gB-JY3uQD3IMtiVKx9AF95D6U4ydT-OA=='
```

And put this string in your `config_pro.yml`:
```yaml
pyms:
  config:
    DEBUG: true
    TESTING: true
    APPLICATION_ROOT : ""
    SECRET_KEY: "gjr39dkjn344_!67#"
    ENC_SQLALCHEMY_DATABASE_URI: gAAAAABeSwBJv43hnGAWZOY50QjBX6uGLxUb3Q6fcUhMxKspIVIco8qwwZvxRg930uRlsd47isroXzkdRRnb4-x2dsQMp0dln8Pm2ySHH7TryLbQYEFbSh8RQK7zor-hX6gB-JY3uQD3IMtiVKx9AF95D6U4ydT-OA==
```

Do you see the difference between `ENC_SQLALCHEMY_DATABASE_URI` and `SQLALCHEMY_DATABASE_URI`? In the next step you
can find the answer

## 4. Decrypt from your config file

> Pyms knows if a variable is encrypted if this var start with the prefix `enc_` or `ENC_`. PyMS search for your key file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pyms knows if a variable is encrypted if this var start with the prefix `enc_` or `ENC_`. PyMS searchs for your key file
```
